1) There exists an x, y, and z such that 
   x does not equal y AND x does not equal z AND y does not equal z 
   AND x is in the cabal, y is in the cabal, and z is in the cabal
2) NOT (Stav is in the cabal AND David is in the cabal)
   ~= Stav is NOT in the cabal OR David is NOT in the cabal
3) Martyna being in the cabal OR Patrice being in the cabal IMPLIES THAT everybody is in the cabal
4) Stav being in the cabal IMPLIES THAT David is in the cabal
5) Darren being in the cabal IMPLIES THAT Martyna is in the cabal
6) Oscar being in the cabal OR Nick being in the cabal IMPLIES THAT Tom is NOT in the cabal
7) Oscar being in the cabal OR David being in the cabal IMPLIES THAT Marten is NOT in the cabal

NOT IN CABAL:
Martyna and Patrice: rule 3 states that everybody is in the cabal if either of these two are in the cabal. However, 
this contradicts rule 2, which states that one of either Stav or David must not be in the cabal.

Stav: The implication in rule 4 can only be true if Stav is not in the cabal. We know that both Stav and David cannot be
in the cabal because of rule 2. This means that one of the elements in the implication must be false. If Stav is in the
cabal and David is not, then the implication would be false, so we can rule out that situation. According to the only two 
remaining scenarios, Stav must not be in the cabal, because the if-part for both scenarios is false.

Darren: If Darren is in the cabal, then Martyna is in the cabal according to rule 5. However, we have already established
that Martyna is not in the cabal. For the implication in rule 5 to be true, then Darren cannot be in the cabal either.

Marten: If Marten is in the cabal, then Oscar AND David cannot be in the cabal according to the contrapositive of rule 7. 
This eliminates 7 people from the cabal, but rule 1 states that there must be at least 3 people in the cabal. 
Therefore, Marten CANNOT be in the cabal.

Tom: If Tom is in the cabal, then by the contrapositive of rule 6, Oscar AND Nick cannot be in the cabal. However, this 
means that Tom, Marten, and David must be in the cabal. But we already established that Marten cannot be in the cabal.
So Tom cannot be in either.

IN CABAL:
By process of elimination, the only members who can be in the cabal are Oscar, Nick, and David.
